feat(design-system): tags with css modules (#3664)
Talend/ui: packages/design-system/MIGRATING.md

- Cannot be an HTML anchor

**How to fix**: The change should be mostly straightforward.

## Tag

Tag is no longer a Styled Component.

> To avoid customization, now `Tag` won't accept `children` anymore and will be replaced by a `label` prop, to be sure to pass text only.

Author: ```suggestion
To avoid customization, now `Tag` won't accept `className` anymore and each variation will be replaced by its shorthand version (no more `<Tag.[Variant] />` but `<Tag[Variant]`. ie `<Tag.Information />`is now `<TagInformation />`)
```
